Title: Biden Warns Facebook On Track To Repeat Mistakes Of 2016 Election-Author(s)['Shannon Bond']
"We saw in 2016 what can happen when social media platforms are left unchecked and allow disinformation to run rampant.
"So far, Facebook has failed to enact any real reforms to stop the spread of disinformation on its platform.
That policy has been condemned by many critics and stands in contrast to Twitter, which has banned political ads entirely.
In response to Biden, Facebook said: "We live in a democracy, where the elected officials decide the rules around campaigns."
"There is an election coming in November and we will protect political speech, even when we strongly disagree with it."
 
Title: In 'Rigged,' A Comprehensive Account Of Decades Of Election Interference-Author(s)['Philip Ewing']
In 'Rigged,' A Comprehensive Account Of Decades Of Election InterferenceRigged America, Russia, and One Hundred Years of Covert Electoral Interference by David Shimer Hardcover, 384 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming.
The American political figure was former Illinois Gov.
"We are concerned with the future, and that America has the right president," the Soviet leader wrote, per Stevenson's later recollection.
Then-deputy CIA Director Robert Gates was reporting to Congress in secret about Soviet election interference in the 1980s.
But in an American election that can be decided by small margins — fewer people than fit into Michigan Stadium on a typical autumn Saturday to see the Wolverines — reaching and changing individual minds isn't nothing.
 
Title: Georgia GOP Fears Changing Demographics Could End Party's Long Dominance-Author(s)['Emma Hurt']
It would be a dramatic reversal of fortune for Georgia Republicans.
While Perdue doesn't think Georgia is going to flip this year, he sees the parallels with the GOP's rise to power.
Another observer who draws comparisons to the early 2000s is Heath Garrett, a longtime Georgia Republican strategist.
Back then, "the Democratic Party had become complacent," he said.
The contest has already gotten nasty, the last thing Georgia Republicans needed in a race that was already showing signs of being challenging.
 
Title: Amid Pandemic, Election Officials Remain Vigilant Toward Cybersecurity-Author(s)['Miles Parks']
Amid Pandemic, Election Officials Remain Vigilant Toward CybersecurityElection officials have been worried about Russian interference.
The main focus has been on hardening our defenses and getting U.S. election officials thinking like they're going to be targets this time around.
PARKS: The next five months present a challenge for election officials - change your entire election game plan while also staying focused on the cybersecurity threats.
The pandemic presents loads of new costs for local election officials, he says.
PARKS: Congress recently allocated $400 million to local election officials to respond to the pandemic.
 
Title: Ballot Printers Increase Capacity To Prepare For Mail Voting Surge-Author(s)['Pam Fessler']
Ballot Printers Increase Capacity To Prepare For Mail Voting SurgeEnlarge this image toggle caption Ash Ponders for NPR Ash Ponders for NPRMore Americans than ever before are expected to vote by mail this year because of concerns about the coronavirus.
One challenge facing election officials now: how to print and mail the millions of ballots voters are expected to request in the coming months.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ash Ponders for NPR Ash Ponders for NPR"This year we are going to mail probably around 40 to 50 million pieces.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ash Ponders for NPR Ash Ponders for NPRRunbeck already has five inserters and has ordered 11 more — the most its manufacturer can produce by November.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ash Ponders for NPR Ash Ponders for NPR"There's approximately 200 million registered voters in the country.
 
Title: Wisconsin Election Held Amid Virus Fears: Here's What You Need To Know-Author(s)['Elena Moore']
Wisconsin Election Held Amid Virus Fears: Here's What You Need To KnowEnlarge this image toggle caption Morry Gash/AP Morry Gash/APUpdated at 10:05 a.m.
The controversial election day comes after the Wisconsin Supreme Court overturned an executive order issued by Democratic Gov.
Tony Evers to delay in-person voting until June 9, followed by a U.S. Supreme Court order on Monday evening to cut off an extension for absentee voting.
A lower court ruling said that county clerks have to hold results until April 13, and Monday's court action did not appear to change that.
Don't expect results until Monday, April 13, due to a federal court ruling last week.
 
Title: News Brief: Election Results, Stock Markets Drop, Gene-Editing Tool-Author(s)['Noel King', 'Rachel Martin']
News Brief: Election Results, Stock Markets Drop, Gene-Editing ToolAfter Super Tuesday, Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders are the front-runners.
But it doesn't mean that each of those candidates walks away with all those delegates, right?
That's right.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)JEROME POWELL: We do recognize that a rate cut will not reduce the rate of infection.
That's right.
 
Title: What We Know About The App That Delayed Iowa's Caucus Results-Author(s)['Avie Schneider']
What We Know About The App That Delayed Iowa's Caucus ResultsEnlarge this image toggle caption Jim Bourg/Reuters Jim Bourg/ReutersUpdated at 10:10 p.m.
Shortly before releasing the results, Iowa Democratic Party chair Troy Price said Monday night's reporting mishap was "unacceptable" and offered an apology.
"As the Iowa Democratic Party has confirmed, the underlying data and collection process via Shadow's mobile caucus app was sound and accurate, but our process to transmit that caucus results data generated via the app to the IDP was not," Shadow added.
The Iowa Democratic Party said it has determined "with certainty" that "the underlying data" via its new app "was sound."
"We will not be employing the same app or vendor used in the Iowa caucus.
 
Title: What The 2020 Election Is All About-Author(s)['Mara Liasson']
What The 2020 Election Is All AboutEnlarge this image toggle caption Charlie Neibergall/AP Charlie Neibergall/APMore than anything, this election is about President Trump.
The Democrats' choice for a nominee matters, because an election is not just a referendum on the incumbent; it's a binary choice between two candidates.
The economy and capitalismEvery presidential election revolves around this simple question: Are you better off now than you were four years ago?
That argument will be stronger if Sanders — an avowed democratic socialist — is the Democratic nominee.
The culture warIt's possible this will not be an "it's the economy, stupid" election, but an "it's the culture, stupid" election.
 
Title: In An Election Year, Reflecting On A Political Power Couple From The 1800s-Author(s)['Michel Martin']
A new book by NPR's Morning Edition host Steve Inskeep tells us this story through the tale of a political power couple who personified the ambition of that era.
And so they were involved in this political movement that helped to trigger the Civil War.
And the 1840s and 50s were like today in that they were times of great demographic change.
And those Democrats and those demographic changes meant changes in political power.
And you have conservatives who are concerned about this demographic change and see it as an unfair way to permanently shut them out of power.
 
Title: What Poland's 'ghost election' can teach us about pandemic-era democracy-Author(s)['Opinion Emily Schultheis']
These dynamics are playing out in Poland, which was scheduled to hold its presidential election earlier this month.
When neither side trusts the other to act in the best interest of citizens, it affects the way people view their democracy.
"That's a very serious concern, because that's one of the most important elements of a functioning democracy."
"Only the president will be able to campaign across the country ... all other candidates are limited to media and online presence."
Polish observers hope their country has learned from its "ghost" election fiasco — and that the country can soon hold an election that is better run and fairer than the one that didn't happen earlier this month.